Frank Poon
+1 626.757.7872
frankgpoon@gmail.com
frankpoon.com
linkedin.com/in/frankgpoon
github.com/frankgpoon

Education:

University of Washington • B.S. Computer Science
September 2016 - June 2020 • Seattle, Washington, USA
Cumulative GPA: 3.61 • Awards: Dean’s List (7 quarters)
Relevant Coursework: Software Design, Data Structures/Algorithms, Linear Algebra, Differential Equations,
Discrete Math, Systems Programming, Probability/Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Architecture
Organizations: Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity, Association for Computing Machinery

Experience:

University of Washington • CSE 331 Teaching Assistant
April 2019 - June 2019 • Seattle, Washington, USA • courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse331/19sp/
CSE 331: Software Design and Implementation was taught by Professor Hal Perkins in spring 2019, with
enrollment of around 230 students.
• Lead discussion sections of 20+ students and teach fundamentals on program design, testing, and
specification, along with event-driven programming and some code reasoning.
• Provide tutoring and assistance to students by hosting office hours and by answering student questions
on the course discussion board.
• Attend staff meetings and coordinate with instructor and other staff in preparing material for lectures,
sections, assignments, and exams.
• Grade student assignments and exams, and provide feedback on student performance overall.

Choco Communications GmbH • Growth Engineering Intern
July 2018 - September 2018 • Berlin, Germany • choco.app
Choco is a startup with a peer to peer platform for restaurants ordering products from food suppliers.
• Implemented modules using node.js that automate conversion between different formats, such as localized
PDF invoices and SMS notifications for clients, and Slack/analytics for internal usage.
• Improved localization within React Native mobile app and web platform by working with clients and
developers in multiple EU countries
• Built an extensible framework for an automated chatbot using node.js and the XMPP protocol to help
with customer support and onboarding.

Projects:

Flashcard Study Buddy (Voice-Controlled App for Google Assistant)
June 2017 - August 2017 • frankpoon.com/fsb
Flashcard Study Buddy is a voice-controlled app for Google Assistant that allows users to search for flash
cards and test themselves verbally on them using the Quizlet REST API. It is approved by Google and
available on all devices with Google Assistant.
• Takes in user input with Google’s natural language processing engine DialogFlow.
• Processes inputs using a webhook written in node.js and hosted on Firebase.
• Implements OAuth 2.0 authentication protocol for users to connect seamlessly to their Quizlet accounts.

Skills:

Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Python, bash, HTML, CSS
Tools: git, AWS, Google Cloud, DialogFlow, Firebase, Agile Development, Pytorch
Technologies: REST/SOAP, node.js, React, OAuth